29th Jan Assignment
--------------------

Ans1-
Guido van Rossum

Ans2-
Python supports Oops i.e Object Oriented programming.

Ans3-
Yes, python is case sensitive.

Ans4-
.py is the file extension of python file.

Ans5-
Python code is both compiled and interpreted because firstly the source code is first compiled to byte code and then byte code is executed by the interpreter.

Ans6-
Blocks of code are funnctions, class, loops etc.

Ans7-
The character used is # .

Ans8-
Functions to check python version are sys.version, python_version and Python-V command.

Ans9-
It's none other than lambda function.

Ans10-
pip stands for "preferred installer program" used to install and manage software packages written in Python.

Ans11-
Some of the built-in functions are 
len() - used to fid the length of value,
append()- used to add value,
remove()- used to remove the value from list or any other suitable data type,
pow()- used to find the power of given number.

Ans12-
Maximum length of an identifier is 79 caharacters.

Ans13-
Benefits are-

1. used in performing data analysis
2. used in system automation and administrations
3. used in developing computer graphics.
4. used in game developement
5. used in security and penetration testing

Ans14-
-> Python has a private heap that contains all objects and data structures, this heap is managed by the Interpreter.
-> It also has a memory manager that allocated heap space to objects and to use the memory space efficiently python provides tools to programmer to write 
   reliable and robust programs.
-> It also contains garbage collector that recycles the unused memory , if any object is no longer needed by program then the garbage 
   collector free the space occupied by the object.

Ans15-

Installation-
-> Open the official Python website in your web browser. Navigate to the Downloads tab for Windows.
-> Choose the latest Python 3 release. In our example, we choose the latest Python 3.7.3 version.
-> Click on the link to download Windows x86 executable installer if you are using a 32-bit installer. 
   In case your Windows installation is a 64-bit system, then download Windows x86-64 executable installer.
-> Now open the executable file and follow the steps as said. 

The complete path of python.exe can be added by:
-> Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
-> Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
-> Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
-> In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are 
   currently a part of the PATH variable.
-> Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

Ans16-

Yes, indentation is required.
